He was done by studying my notes.
By studying notes to me.
Final of the director of legislative liaison.
By interviewing me.
By interviewing other officials.
By interviewing Mr. Steven.
And by attempting to put together
into the chronicle for you received.
That doesn't matter.
This time, had or not, your relationship with Mr. Cohns.
Throw the theory that you were having no more communication.
Froming.
Well.
Mr. Cohn was on vacation in Florida.
During that week, accepting for the day,
which it seemed to me as though he had come back on about Monday the 19th.
And the time we're talking about us now is the 23rd.
And from the 23rd of January until about Lincoln's birthday or Valentine's Day,
one of those days in February, I had no further conversation with him until I initiated a call with two of him.
To act the way I hadn't seen him.
I would ask you what you call him as we understand.
That's right.
And along about the 22nd of February.
No sir, I think around the 12th of January.
The 12th to the 14th of February.
And the purpose of that was to sign that from Mr. Cohn,
why you had no call from him.
That's right.
Now let's you whether or not honor about February 5th.
You call Mr. Cohns.
The calls to you.
Yes I guess.
Well, it's not again.
Well, I have not seen one call from him.
Well, I think that's much qualified.
The call that sends him a kindly department.
I am not sure what's to me.
I don't think it was.
He called Send him a kindly.
Iowa's president Send him a kindly cookie on the phone.
I got it off.
Send him a kindly completed conversation.
What did you call him as Mr. Cohns key on the fifth?
Yes, that I did.
I called.
Why did you do that?
Well, during the previous week, Mr. Cohns had encouraged me on a number of occasions.
The talk to Cohns.
He had pointed out to me that the Send him a kindly was not by now very angry with the Army
or the beginning to the ease.
This was the time of the correct incident, which occurred on the first chamberman.
I'm sad.
Please tell us a minute.
What Mr. Cohns you told you are said to you on the fifth day of February.
On the fifth of February, I call Mr. Cohns to be at very long conversation.
My record indicates he talked to 49 minutes.
I read to him a first draft.
So they let her wish I had prepared.
There's nobody that could get approval, which we were contemplating,
which I was going to submit to the secretary for forwarding Send him a kindly and respond
to his inquiry with the Department of Direct.
That draft incidentally was never sent to the sentry office.
And back to his practically extract.
But in any of that, we had a considerable conversation on that matter.
Then the subject of Shine came up.
Mr. Cohns, he pointed out to me that Shine was an outboard and he had been a camp board.
Since about first of February.
And that there was a course 95, which was ready to start very shortly.
And that Shine wanted to get into it.
That would be the CID school.
And the list there ordinarily aren't entitled to go until the second age leads to the basis.
And Shine was in the first year.
And he suggested that I get Shine's sign to that course 95.
And he said, I will move in.
And I'll be able to, I put up the exact word.
I don't see if I can't withdraw this document's pressure on the Army that someone's been in the front.
I'll leave the list.
And I was in the telephone conference.
Communication regularly was with cars during this occasion.
And he kept urging me again.
He talked for it at the call scheme.
He pointed out that he was in the call scheme.
He said, they should be controlled about something.
He isn't controlled to get mad.
And he said, he's got a great deal of influence with Senators.
And he said, do you want to talk to him?
You want to talk to him.
So, as the number time he was gone, as it is this time, he was on a long schedule out in the West.
And many nights, everybody in the South Dakota in the South, in the Pacific, and some facing Texas, in the Pacific area, about ten or so days.
So I called to call to you again on this level, and said, everybody.
On this occasion, we talked for a long time again.
Mr. David again, Mr. Scott, we didn't need that.
If we were to find Shine before 95, he would rule in and stop this investigation.
I told Mr. Stevens about this call.
I stated to him that I'd been urged to call to call to him, and I had made the call.
And Mr. Scott, he had made this offer.
Mr. Stevens made this as an instruction for me.
And that instruction was to see through it that Shine completed with eight weeks of face-to-face before anything happened to him.
And eight weeks, this was positively preclude in the mattering course 95.
Mr. Stevens was sufficiently concerned about this, so that a few hours after he issued the instruction to me,
to see that this was done, he issued the statement instruction to a day.
And so that the instruction reached for the NL people to two sources.
On the 16th of February, I talked to Mr. Scott to see again.
They are not too cold, and are too cold.
I telephone him again on the same source of persuasion that he should talk to the call.
I asked you when and not on the 16th of February, you talked to Mr. Scott to fight.
I did, sir.
I talked to him for the first time, at 13 minutes when my interphone rang from the secretary asked me to come to his office,
so I terminated him on the station.
That was red, red early in the day, and a few hours later, I received a return call from Mr. Scott.
Well, what was said in the first conversation by Mr. Scott?
Well, I do not illuminate between the first and second conversation, I am not sure that I can.
If you will give me a moment, I'll check and know what you do.
I will be back.
While Mr. Adams is referring to these notes and looking them up, it's our opportunity to return to our studios across the country to permit our patients to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.
Tomorrow night, class television theater brings you one of the truly great dramatic hours on television.
A fine play with a fine cat. Watch for the little camelman on your screen.
When you see him, you know you can count on an hour of enjoyment, with your favorite players and the featured roles.
Watch class television theater tomorrow night.
This is Anita Calder reminding you that today's Pepsi-Cola is reducing calories.
Refresh without feeling. How do Pepsi-C?
Well, by Mr. Adams' system, it's the shine would not have had a course 95.
For that long.
During one of these conversations, one of the three, the call keeps saying, you just have to use common sense.
He said, just take care of this course 95. I pointed out to him that taking care of not a shine in course 95 would have nothing because the ultimate objective.
You supired I could say what New York, and if there had to be New York and if there wasn't New York, there would have been a real problem.
And the call keeps saying, one thing at a time, take care of this course 95.
Take care of that. And I will move you in and out, so you can think about it.
And you are on the same day to say that he was copy investigation.
He indicated that he was able to get sent to the McCarthy and to seek the abuse of the army.
The word is mine of our enemy. He gives copy investigations. He indicated today.
When the military gave a phone call.
He said that if you did not assign shine to course 95, it may take two years.
That is right. That is right.
Is that correct? Yes sir.
Is that the last conversation you ever had with the minister of the County?
Yes sir. I think it is. I have no record of any else.
The madam's address, he says, tell the committee what occurred in a meeting on February 18th.
That is a meeting of the committee.
There is an incident of February 12th before I came to discuss first.
I called this phone by long distance phone to New York.
I told him that I felt that he had been talking to me.
Some were afraid of that. Why have I not seen you?
In the pipeline, who would you be dealing with with the committee?
You would be dealing with the association. You would feel that the association is going on.
I am calling you to the State Council.
And the government, to the fact that I had gone to the State of Senators,
would become the hitherto-tension. If he didn't like, I thought that I still had an emergency phone.
On April 18th, he said to me that he thought that I had been the panel.
And the public honestly had a room to go in the State of Senators.
And that's the reason he wasn't seen.
I did not see him until the 18th February.
On the 18th February, I was in New York.
I had received telephone requests there so earlier that I seemed that General Booker appeared for me.
And that he appeared for me for interrogation.
Matters having to do with the rest of the charge,
I went first to cancel my way to New York.
I called on General Booker. We talked generally about existing regulations,
the executive order, and the responsibility the government has to pay them.
And what could not be released to a congressional committee having to do with borrowing, to be united?
Now, when I was New York that night, next day,
there was an open hearing in the morning.
I think it's the day on which the rest of the public will interrogate.
And on the afternoon, there was an executive session.
In the executive session,
I picked a gang with an interrogation of intelligence officer that came to me,
with General Booker, and was interrogated.
I was in charge of the interrogation.
I had printed it down to the floor of the table so that I would stay near to the officers.
I picked up a record before I was told.
What I was saying to him is,
become an executive leader after his question.
But the janitor asked him a question as to whether or not he had been struck.
Nothing answered certain questions having to do with oil.
The officer answered in the negative, he said he had not been struck.
And at that moment, the janitor was about to court at me and I said,
I think it wouldn't stand.
I just did.
The officer was still on the stand.
He then ordered me to hand him out.
I think it's a correct word.
I just stand up, raise my hand and be warned.
I point out to him that I was there as a guest at the committee.
I was in a clear room with Secretary of the Army, and I asked him not to be warned.
He ordered me again.
I'm a vacationer and I asked him if I could have permission to get instructions from Secretary of the Army.
He thought for a moment and agreed that I told him.
He stepped back from the table and walked out of the room for a moment with one of his men.
He came back into the room and stated that there is no room for that.
Nobody can be in the room excepting with it.
There were about five Army people with me, all of whom by that room were ordered in the room.
He said, Comfor can not be present with a court of me from the room.
And there were five prosecutors there who walked on the road and I know.
And immediately, Comfor was at a within a few moments.
General Victor was interrogated with some of his included interrogation of the intelligence officer and then interrogated General Victor.
And the incident having to do with General Victor was interrogated with him.
Sir, the interrogation I already know was made.
So I took points to the hearing.
I approached Arthur. He was addicted from the hearing.
Otherwise, he never knew.
So I took points that I said, or not he speaks a bit to Com.
I did this.
I asked Mr. Com, how I could arrange to get some of my audio with the law.
He said, the thing that I could no longer be present as I am a counsel and I am also being interrogated.
He said, I have no other option I could do with Mr. Carr or talk to the cops.
And...
Well, they do not, you talk to Mr. Carr.
I talk to Carr.
I have no other choice.
Unless you were there not that was owner of March the 5th when you talk to Mr. Carr.
Yes, sir.
I said, I think something went to that.
There were other occasions when I talked to him.
I talked to Mr. Carr.
There was an open meeting with his committee in Room 3.5, 7.
Sometimes around the 27th or 28th of February went private to the Louis-Saint.
And rather than being to you, we were interrogated.
I think he's down and remember that meeting.
And I saw a host of Mr. Cohen with his car on the medication.
He had a phone and we had no matter why, Grinson was about the status of our relationship.
And I don't think that I saw Mr. Cohen again until I don't think that I saw him again.
I talked to him to him more socially.
I did see Mr. Carr again in cell phone meetings after the first of March.
I wanted to do a day meeting and say to the committee with more anxious feelings.
One day he came up and seen finally on the fourth of March.
I agreed that I would come up and have lunch with him on the following day.
It was a successful March.
And he thought that it would be better if we didn't have a year to do this.
I think that you're going with him down.
So we agreed that we would go to the go-to lunch at the message of the show and draw some treats.
And we did have lunch together on that day.
And on that occasion, on the car, he said that he was making progress.
He didn't say how, what's the what means.
And he said that he was a conciliation, not a conciliation, but him.
And he was in trouble and he was reducing the amount of fire against the committee.
He was about the substance of it.
And a great part of the luncheon was given over to conversations with Mr. Carr State of the city.
As he had on numerous other occasions, that he felt that I should understand that as long as the flames of the shine,
was not satisfactory to Mr. O. and the Army of the Intercontinental Committee of trouble.
And this was very similar to other conversations we had had.
The conversation we had on the train, on the November relationship.
And he said he thought I should understand that.
Mr. Carr, I don't think he told you that almost.
He was a conciliation.
Well, he, he constantly emphasized the fact once that he had no personal interest in shine.
But that, he felt that the Army should be aware of the fact that as long as it's a shine,
the statement did not suit home that the Army was in trouble with its committee.
And he had no personal interest in shine.
He made that clear.
But if you could give advice to me in a friendly way, if your advice was these,
you take care of this matter and you will get some investigation from your next.
That was just a conversation.
And that was the position that he consisted of.
I felt that he was an agent.
And that he was making these points for me, not necessarily because he's been directed to tell this man this today.
But that his principle has his attitude and he saw what the matter was doing.
And I felt that he just had his own pressures.
I just appeared there would have been no car crashers.
Of course you knew Mr. Carr was the director of the committee that you not miss that.
I knew Mr. Carr was the staff director and Mr. Cohn was the chief counsel.
I met the editor-in-chief, both of you, being ejected from this meeting in New York on January on February 8th.
And you stated that that time that there were five spectators who were likewise ejected.
Yes, that's correct.
Yes, sir.
Can you identify those five spectators or any of them?
I cannot identify them.
I saw one woman who was a mongoose ejected that day in this hearing for the first day.
She was talking to Mr. Buckley, a member of the committee staff.
I have never seen this in her.
But I saw her in New York twice when I recognized her face and she was here.
I'm quite sure of it with her same person.
I do not know who they were.
There were three women who seemed to be together and two men who seemed to be together several times.
Yes, sir.
What's enough?
We understand that that was the executive hearing.
Yes, but that was not unusual.
There was usually spectators in the executive hearing.
Mr. Evans, you have read this statement made by Secretary Steven on the opening day.
That is, this is the statement that you're not.
Yes, sir.
Do you recall that in that statement there is an allegation that the Army that is used and Mr. Stevens received
no less than 65 telephone calls from the McCarthy Committee with reference, specific reference.
The G. David Chien.
I remember that.
I met in a dictionary that were 19 personal contacts in which conversations were directed to Chien.
Listen, I will ask you whether or not you assist the Secretary in compiling those figures.
I did not say.
You are your own knowledge.
Know how many calls were placed directly used with reference to Chien or how many calls you made.
Do you wish Chien and Mayne was mentioned?
Our thumb request was made with reference to Chien.
I wouldn't have it yesterday, Mr. Jenkins.
The right state is doing that serious.
From the 10th of November to the 9th of December, I was speculated that there was a call of a day
and at least half of the calls were confirmed signed.
And I think that that continued through January until the time the Lord of the Lord was made.
I have not attempted to make such a realistic situation because my call by the money is,
and I am not able to isolate which calls as there might have been, you would say,
there were no references to Chien.
I was patient.
That is worth very much.
A matter in my mind, on the occasion of practically every telephone call from Mr. Cohn,
I constantly expect it to come up and it's called a day.
Particularly on the call, it seemed my home, which there are 15 of these I have a record
and probably our others.
It was a very complex conversation.
I saw my camera on many occasions.
I mean, are you through business?
Yes, sir.
I'm as bad as I have consumed the days in a direct examination of you with respect to the Army's charge
of these undue efforts made on behalf of Chien.
Before concluding my direct examination, I want to ask you this one question.
You are well aware of the charges made by Mr. Stevens and by yourself against the Shenatumacardian effect.
In addition to what you have prescribed in response to my direct and specific questions,
are there any other facts you now care to relate to this committee bearing on the charges made by you and Mr. Stevens against the Shenatumacardian and the U.C. Committee?
I don't wish by answering you in a negative detail.
There are no other issues in this presentation because during the course of your interrogation,
I'm sure that I will, because there will be other reasons that come to my attention.
But are there any others you think of at this time?
There are none that I think of at this time, sir.
May I address the chance?
Yes.
Chairman, I have been in very good use of that in the direct way, always consuming due entire sessions.
I now desire, of course, to cross examine the pheasants, but it is practical for 30.
There is no more than that, sir.
There is no more to examine these two, but we leave them.
And then the government got the examination in one of the recent events.
Thank you.
You can reach out to the office.
It's kind of a lot.
Come on, one.
If you'd like to have a chairman, Modenao, Committee for Holders.
Next session has Jennifer.
Tomorrow morning.